🚧Update all contribution docs (#60)
KinsonDigital/.github: docs/CONTRIBUTING.md

<h1 style="border:0;font-weight:bold" align="center">Contribution Guide</h1>

> Welcome, and thank you for your interest in contributing to our projects! We appreciate any help you can provide and are always looking for ways to make the contribution process as simple as possible. Our top priority is maintaining high software quality, and we rely on the input of talented outside contributors like you to achieve that goal.
> 
> If you have any ideas or comments on how we can improve the process, please don't hesitate to reach out to one of our project maintainers. We value your input and would love to hear from you.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in contributing to our projects! Our top priority is maintaining high software quality and having a smooth contribution process.  We appreciate any help you can provide, so if you have any ideas or comments on how we can improve, please reach out to one of our project maintainers. We value your input and would love to hear from you.
```

There are several ways you can contribute to our projects, including creating GitHub issues for any problems you encounter, submitting code contributions, and more. To ensure your contributions are properly directed, please only create an issue that is marked with the description _**(Outside contributors only)**_. Our project maintainers will handle the rest.

> Thank you again for your interest in contributing to our projects, and we look forward to working with you!

Reviewer: Reword?
```suggestion
Thank you again for your interest in contributing to our projects, and we look forward to collaborating with you!
```

Author: Much better yes!!  😀

**Considerations:**

> Only the **KinsonDigital** team will merge changes that improve the library significantly. We will not merge changes that have narrowly-defined benefits or contain breaking changes in any way without approval. All contributions must also follow all other guidelines outlined in this document.

Reviewer: Use contractions
```suggestion
Only the **KinsonDigital** team will merge changes that improve the library significantly. We won't merge changes that have narrowly-defined benefits or contain breaking changes in any way without approval. All contributions must also follow all other guidelines outlined in this document.
```

<h2 style="border:0;font-weight:bold" align="center">DO's and DON'Ts</h2>

**Please:**

- **DO** follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/.github/blob/main/docs/code_of_conduct.md) on GitHub.
- **DO** follow the `📃rules` on [Discord](https://discord.gg/qewu6fNgv7).
- **DO** talk to us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/qewu6fNgv7) server.
- **DO** keep issue discussions around contributions focused.
- **DO** use the comment sections in the issues and pull requests (PRs) that are relevant to said issues and PRs.  This not only keeps conversations contained in the issues and PRs, but it also sends notifications to the project maintainers and shows the conversation to the community/public.

> - **DO** leave a comment on the issue that you are interested in to let the project maintainers know that you would like to work on the issue.

Reviewer: Contractions
```suggestion
- **DO** leave a comment on the issue that you are interested in to let the project maintainers know that you'd like to work on the issue.
```

> - **DON'T** start working on a PR until you get confirmation from a project maintainer and the issue is assigned to you.  We do not want to waste your time on an issue that you are not allowed to work on.

Reviewer: use contractions
```suggestion
- **DON'T** start working on a PR until you get confirmation from a project maintainer and the issue is assigned to you.  We don't want to waste your time on an issue that you are not allowed to work on.
```

<h2 style="border:0;font-weight:bold" align="center">Setting Things Up</h2>

> For first-time contributors, you need to fork the repository so you can contribute.  There are a few steps that you will need to go through to start contributing.  Go [here](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/.github/blob/main/docs/HowToFork.md) to follow the steps on forking the repository.  There are lots of additional resources on the web on what forking is and how to do this.

Reviewer: Reword
```suggestion
For first-time contributors, you need to fork the repository to start contributing.  There are a few steps that you'll need to go through to start contributing.  Go [here](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/.github/blob/main/docs/HowToFork.md) to follow the steps on forking the repository.  There are lots of additional resources on the web on what forking is and how to do this.
```

> **Note** We take pride in maintaining a clear and consistent branch naming policy that helps us efficiently manage our codebase. By doing so, it makes it easy for our CI/CD system to validate issues and pull requests, ensuring a seamless workflow.
> 
> We kindly ask that you take a moment to review your branch names before submitting a PR. To ensure proper integration with our GitHub repository, branch names should be in all lowercase and contain a valid issue number. Don't worry if you make a mistake; we're all human! Simply tag a maintainer in your PR, and we'll help you correct any errors.

<h2 style="border:0;font-weight:bold" align="center">Creating Early Pull Requests</h2>

Refer to the **DO's and DON'Ts** section for details about PRs.

We encourage and use [Early Pull Requests](https://medium.com/practical-blend/pull-request-first-f6bb667a9b6). Please don't wait until you're finished with your work before creating a PR!  
Go [here](https://github.com/KinsonDigital/.github/blob/main/docs/EarlyPullRequests.md) to learn how to create an early pull request.

<h2 style="border:0;font-weight:bold" align="center">"Help wanted" & "Good first issue"</h2>

> If the core team is unable to champion an issue, they will mark it with a "help wanted" label. This indicates that any external contributor may pick it up and implement it as part of a contribution. However, some **"help wanted"** issues may require intermediate knowledge of the codebase, area, and/or ecosystem; or may have uncertainty surrounding the implementation details.  If this is the case, talk to us in [Discord](https://discord.gg/qewu6fNgv7) or the issue's discussion. We also mark some issues with the label **"good first issue"** which indicates that an issue is straightforward and is a good place to start if you're interested in contributing but are new to the codebase.

Reviewer: contractions
```suggestion
If the core team is unable to champion an issue, they'll mark it with a "help wanted" label. This indicates that any external contributor can pick it up and implement it as part of a contribution. However, some **"help wanted"** issues may require intermediate knowledge of the codebase, area, and/or ecosystem; or may have uncertainty surrounding the implementation details.  If this is the case, talk to us in [Discord](https://discord.gg/qewu6fNgv7) or the issue's discussion. We also mark some issues with the label **"good first issue"** which indicates that an issue is straightforward and is a good place to start if you're interested in contributing, but new to the codebase.
```
